Astro deployment token docs (#3581)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-token-list.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment token list"
title: "astro deployment token list"
id: astro-deployment-token-list
description: List your Deployment API tokens.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/term-icon.png' }
---

:::info

This command is only available on Astro.

:::

List your Astro [Deployment API Token](deployment-api-tokens.md)

To use your API token in an automated process, see [Authenticate an automation tool](automation-authentication.md).

## Usage

```sh

> astro deployment token list

Reviewer: add --deployment-id flag here

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment token list"
title: "astro deployment token list"
id: astro-deployment-token-list
description: List your Deployment API tokens.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: "img/term-icon.png" }
---

:::cliastroonly
:::

> List your Astro [Deployment API Token](deployment-api-tokens.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List all [API tokens](deployment-api-tokens.md) belonging to a Deployment.
```

> To use your API token in an automated process, see [Authenticate an automation tool](automation-authentication.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use an API token in an automated process, see [Authenticate an automation tool](automation-authentication.md).
```

## Options

| Option            | Description                                           | Possible Values                                                           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` | The Deployment where you would like to manage tokens. | A valid Deployment ID                                                     |
| `--verbosity`     | The Log level                                         | `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`, or `panic`. Default is `warn`. |
| `--workspace-id`  | The Workspace ID assigned to a Deployment.            | A valid Workspace ID                                                      |

## Output

| Output        | Description                                                          | Data Type |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| `ID`          | The token ID.                                                        | String    |
| `NAME`        | The name of the token.                                               | String    |

> | `DESCRIPTION` | (Optional) A description of the API Token.                           | String    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DESCRIPTION` | The description of the API Token.                           | String    |
```
Column will always exist I assume

> | `SCOPE`       | Whether the API Token is for Deployment, Workspace, or Organization. | String    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SCOPE`       | Whether the API Token is scoped to a Deployment, Workspace, or Organization. | String    |
```

| `CREATED`     | How long ago the token was created in days.                          | String    |

> | `CEATED BY`   | The name of the person who created the token.                        | String    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `CEATED BY`   | The name of the user entity who created the token.                        | String    |
```
Could be an automated process
